[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> We talk about the
time as a sphere.
We talk about time
as a territory.
We talk about time also with the
idea of multiple times, trial
times, time as a tree with
many different branches.
But let's try now to
observe with more attention
the element that are--
distinguish one time
for another time.
Obviously, we can imagine
that what we are living
is where our
conscious is focusing.
So we may imagine that is one.
But at the same
moment, we already
discovered that there
are many different times,
many different realities,
that we can dive into it.
Let's try to describe
the complexity of time.
We imagine the trunk.
We imagine the tree.
But let's try now to
imagine different package.
Package after another package,
after another package.
So let's try to divide
these different time
territory in different package.
And we can talk also
about a specific duration
about this time package.
Normally, we talk
about 66 years.
But they could be also for a
very special situation, maybe
shorter than this 66 years.
So what are these package?
And what they are containing?
Well, they are
containing events.
They are containing
possible times.
So possible things that
they can happen or not.
So something can happen.
I can use one of these
events through my free will.
And this is creating what?
It's creating complexity.
It is creating evolution.
But it's always, for example,
the future more evolved
than the past.
This is the classical
interpretation of history.
So we've been in a
process of evolution
where now we are expressing
the best of the best in terms
of technology, in terms
of use of resources,
in terms of
organization and so on.
But we don't believe
that probably this
is the only version of history.
We talk about many civilization.
For example, we can
talk about Atlantis.
And Atlantis was
much before, what
we imagine is the
evolution of our societies.
And Atlantis probably
was a civilization
that was much more evolved.
Again, and when I'm
talking about evolution,
I'm talking about possibilities.
Possibility to create.
So if Atlantis was
existing and we
talk about civilization,
the start more or less 30,
32,000 years ago and then
probably disappeared 10,
12,000 years ago,
well, wait a moment.
It means that maybe it's not
true that future is always
more evolved and past--
it's less evolved.
Now, there is something
that doesn't fit.
Because even if it's
back into the past,
Atlantis was much more
evolved than the evolution
that we are expressing now.
Now, let's go back
to these packages.
So what they are containing--
different events.
Really, quantity of
events, like to imagine
a reign of neutral
events we call them,
that they are opening more or
less possibilities, possibility
that if we use free
will, we saturate.
If we don't use, we just
simply keep neutral.
So they are still
there available.
What it means?
Well, it means that
look at the history.
There are a moment of time
where, wow, so many things
are happening, so many
events, so many change, so
many transformation.
And what?
At a moment of time where
almost nothing changed.
Things are always the same.
So it's almost boring, OK?
So what is about--
this is really
about the density--
is the density of time.
So the capacity to have more or
less complexity, more or less
evolution.
That is then matched on the
fact that more things that
can happen or less
things-- they will happen.
More transformation is going to
happen or less transformation
is going to happen.
Now, if everything
is moving correctly,
yes, we move from less
complexity to more complexity.
Isn't it true?
It's like to imagine
squares inside
of this package, squares
that are beginning.
They are bigger.
And there they're becoming
smaller, and smaller,
and smaller, and
smaller, and smaller.
This element is extremely
important to understand
the possibility of what we can
call time travel, for example.
Why?
Well, if past and
future doesn't exist,
but there is a direction
of complexities
or a direction of
evolution, we might
imagine that something can
move from a place that is more
evolved to a place that is
less evolved, from a place that
is more complex with more
complexity with a place
with less complexity.
Isn't it true?
So this is actually
the base of what
we call the possibility
of time traveling.
I can imagine that I can travel
from the future to the past
or as far I'm going
into the past.
So as far I'm going
from the complexity
that I'm expressing in
this moment as more--
I can reach places in
what we call the past.
Let's try to describe
the rhythm of time.
To express the rhythm
of a time package,
we bring the example
of when in the '60s,
you are going to dance.
And there are the
music of the '60s, OK?
And everybody is dancing--
the music.
And then you go to the '80s.
And the '80s-- there
is other music.
So the dance are similar,
but completely different
from what could be now.
Go to a disco and
then listening--
modern music, or techno,
or whatever it is,
and then dance with
that rhythm of music.
Well, let's imagine something
pretty similar, also,
when we talk about the future
and past in different time
package.
So every time package is
also defined by a rhythm.
It can also maybe help us to
understand why, for example, we
might come back--
reincarnation in
one moment of time,
instead of another
moment of time.
This could also
connect into my rhythm,
to the rhythm of, let's
say, the music that
is played in that moment,
so the kind of events,
that they might be created
exactly in that time
package instead of another one.
Or one of the reason why we
are being incarnated in one
time instead of another time.
There's nothing wrong
with the others, OK?
But why I'm being--
doing an experience
alive in the 1200
and then in the 600
instead of another time.
Why?
Because there is a rhythm
that is compatible with what
I'm achieving, what
I'm doing in my process
of the spiritualization of
the matter with my soul.
So I'm compatible
with the rhythm.
I'm not compatible
with another rhythm.
I'm going to be
incarnated in one time
and not in another one.
But I will be back exactly
in this other moment.
So there are going to
be time travelers that,
for example, are compatible
with the time package,
because their rhythm are
compatible with the rhythm
of that time package.
Another time traveler that--
they will not be compatible,
because they are simply
having another rhythm,
so they need to
go somewhere else.
Otherwise, they cannot literally
enter in that specific area
of time.
Now, I have to introduce the
idea of what is divinity.
We are talking now
about our divinities.
We talk about hundred thousand
of different divinities.
Yes, now we might have
the most recent idea
of the religion that brought
everything to one god, OK?
So only one and that's it.
But the fact that humans-- they
have been praying, connecting,
wishing two different gods.
It probably sounds like
a need of our evolution
or an instrument
for our evolution
to accelerate of this
process of transformation
that we called
the enlightenment.
It's an element that is so neat,
not only when we are into time.
Yes, because in
this time territory,
probably all these
different divinity--
they are located here and there.
Is it not true that we
talk about the Catholicism?
Well, we can really, literally
talk about the specific area
of the world.
And if we're talking
about the Muslim people,
so we can definitely talk
about a divinity that
is located in another
part of the world
and so on for all of them.
But I would love to try to bring
more the idea for the relation
that we have as human, here
into time with divinities
that are super powerful
forces that are not into time.
Time is an element
that we are dealing
when we are in the matter.
Don't forget that.
When we are outside
of the matter,
time doesn't exist anymore.
We are outside of time.
When we die and we start
to travel from the matter
to the threshold, to the real,
we are not into time anymore.
We are outside of time.
So imagine all these divinity
that in any case is--
even if they are
not inside of time,
they can really
support us a lot.
In which way?
Well, in several different way.
But what could be
very interesting
for us is to settle
down whatever action
has been done by humans in
what is a truly transformation
of ourself.
How this happen?
Well, this is
happening every time
that they are bringing their
attention to what is going
on here on the planet Earth.
Obviously, I'm talking
about the planet Earth,
but this is the system
that is working everywhere.
It's what we call the
point of divine attention.
What is that?
When we are observing
something as I'm now
observing the camera,
I'm blinking my eyes.
But wait a moment.
Are you aware that
you're blinking now?
There is a fraction--
just a little fraction of second
where I am not seeing anything,
but I don't perceive that.
Let's try to bring the
same concept to a divinity.
So imagine in the blink that
we are doing with our eyes.
Well, it's also-- blinking
of the eyes of a divinity
is actually a time package.
So what happened
in the time package
is the time where the
divinities with the eyes closed.
So everything is possible.
Everything is these
multiple possible times.
With what?
With all the possibilities, OK?
And this is our perspective.
All of this is still
not completely settled
until the divinity is going to
open the eyes for the moment.
That is the moment
between a time package
to an out-of-time package.
Normally, a time that could
be between four years,
more or less.
And then a new time package
is going to happen again.
But, oh, my goodness.
Sorry to say, oh, my goodness.
It means that-- I
mean, 66 years--
it looks like an
entire existence.
So for us, it makes
a big difference.
I might be lucky to live
alive where I'm jumping
from different time package.
Two of them maybe.
Or rarely, when something very
super important is happening
or something really
extraordinary is happening,
I can maybe jump
even more than two.
What I'm talking
is the fact that
in this moment, what I'm doing
is not affecting only me now,
but is affecting the all
"me" everywhere in this time
territory.
My "me" are the one that
are living in this moment,
also in the 1700s, in the
1200s, in the time of Atlantis,
in the time where I was a
Maya, in the time where I was
a Viking, in the
time where I'm doing
my multiple experience
that I can call past life,
but actually is
incorrect to talk past.
I could talk about lives.
So in this sphere, in
this time territory,
I'm living contemporary
multiple existence.
And all these existence
and all these experiences
I'm living in this
moment are making
an inference in all the rest.
So my Viking's life
is affecting the life
that I'm doing here,
as my life here
is affecting the life that
I have in England or the one
that I have as a monk in Italy,
all at the same exactly moment.
All because we are
contemporary living
this same moment, the moment
that they call the time sphere.
OK, take a deep breath.
Try to imagine
how this can work.
And I'm sure the inside of you--
this works very well and is
the reason why you are so
fascinated to research your
past life and not for curiosity.
Well, OK, probably there is
also a little bit of curiosity
in that, but because you know
that knowing who you was,
what you did--
it's helping you to do what?
To live this life, to
understand why time is bringing
some come of events, why
the law of complexity
that is the evolution
is bringing you
then to live some
kind of experience,
why you're struggling so
much with your parents,
or why you have--
you're suffering to
fight for love, or why
you are so good and so
talented to do that skill.
Because this is coming
from what you are doing,
not you was doing.
What you are doing
and is so fascinating
and means this
unlimited possibility
that life is offering us.
Unfortunately, we want
to limit it ourself.
We want to see
things just like one.
We want to rationalize
everything.
We want that there
is only cause-effect.
That is not true.
It's all here at the
same exactly moment.
And that brings perspective
before, probably.
We could not even imagine
and is the perspective
that brought you here
now to listen-- me
and to listen to this moment.
Because it's going to open
even more other opportunities
in your life.
All these concept,
all these element
are connected to the
concept of numbers.
There is a specific field
of this beautiful visit
that is based on what we
call the rhythm numbers.
But in general,
numbers are-- if you
want a way to give
interpretation and meanings
to everything, yes,
everything is a number.
Every single event is a number.
Everything could be
summarized and characterized
by the sequence of numbers.
That is the reason why in
magic or in esoteric path,
we are talking about
precise numbers.
We also talk, for
example, of angles.
There is an angle
that is very important
that is the 51.51 degrees.
That is directly connecting
to the possibility
to enter into the
different timeline.
So when we talk about
esoteric tradition, when
we talk about this
knowledge and from where
this knowledge has come from--
so I would love to frame
all of this in something
that is not something
the Damanhur invents
or that Falco--
Oberto Airaudi, our
founders invent.
This is part, really,
of the ancient knowledge
of the humankind.
And where is this
ancient knowledge?
Well, there are multiple ways
to bring back this knowledge.
Well, one is what has
been left all over time
by us-- by humans
with knowledge.
I'm talking about
the stone language.
The stone language
is the one that all
the ancient
civilization-- they used
to create in their architecture
the sacred geometry that
are still telling us-- page
of this book of knowledge.
I'm talking about the
pyramids in Egypt.
temples in Mexico.
I'm talking about Machu Picchu.
I'm talking about Stonehenge.
I'm talking about
all these places
that are being done with stones.
Why stones?
Well, because stones
are the materials
that can resist more into
time, into this time territory.
Also, stone will be
transformed, obviously,
but at least for
a period of time.
For a piece of
this time territory
can last enough to do what?
To help us to
remember, to help us
to reawake the memories
of why we're here
or to get back the
information that we need.
So one of the reason why we
are also doing-- many people
journey all over the
planet in some specific
places to bring back through
this stone language what
is needed.
Well, another way to
bring back this knowledge
is to bring it just from above.
I'm talking about the
aura of the matter.
I'm talking about the threshold.
We describe it very briefly.
But a threshold is really
the place of information,
where everything has
been housed there.
Every single existence, every
memory, every experience,
every experience of every
life forms, even not human.
In all of this, there are
the logic of the numbers.
So the numbers are
directly connecting
to the sacred geometry.
The sacred geometry,
if you want,
are the languages that
are directly-- make us
in connection with the forces.
So I can talk
about the Kabbalah.
I can talk about many
different tradition that
are taking the numbers to
bring the meanings into life
and into our existence.
So all the numbers that we are
now talking about-- the 66,
for example, the
time package like
the four connecting to the
four second to the moments.
Or other numbers that
I'm going to give you
are all coming from these
different tradition.
So they are all
coming to give us
an understanding and
a translation of what
is possible.
For example, when we talk
about the six possibility,
it doesn't means that we
have only six different time
travel in front of us, but at
least we can take one of six.
Obviously, this is not so
much about, oh, my goodness,
I'm going to take number
one or number three.
Or is it going to
be number five?
be number four?
No, it's to give
us the opportunity
to know that we have an
unlimited possibilities.
I can mention also things
like the Akashic Records.
Or I can talk about the
libraries of knowledge,
because that knowledge is
also the knowledge that
give me the power.
About what?
Well, the power of
doing, of creating.
So it's very important
that these knowledge is not
going in the wrong hands.
So going there by
mystical journey,
by astral traveling, by
out-of-body experience
is allowing me then to
bring back this element.
Number 3-- well,
sometimes we are
lucky to have one of
these star masters.
For some masters, we
talk about the avatars.
We talk about the
enlight beings,
so people like us
that they already
did their piece of the
spiritualization of the matter.
So these are beings that are--
well, they don't
need to reincarnate.
If they going to
do it, it's simply
because they know that the
big work is not finished.
So if the entire goal
is to spiritualize
the entire universe of form--
so the little piece
that I did individually
with my enlightenment
is not enough.
So I needed at least
a sort of numbers.
A sort of percentage of
these pieces will do it,
otherwise will not be enough.
So they decide to come
back and to be incarnated
in the different planets
in a different place
where there is evolution
to help and support others
to do the same, to
teach, to reassemble,
to do things like that.
So when-- as people
master, it's life.
When you are so lucky to
have one of them here,
well, they have many
incredible possibilities.
And one of these
possibilities is the fact
that they are lucid medium.
Who is a lucid medium?
Well, talking about a
medium or a channeler.
Someone-- again, the channel
in the threshold information
are also different forces.
Well, in this case, the medium,
I mean, is losing many time
the conscious of
what is going on, OK?
Because it's becoming
an instrument.
That's it.
For a spiritual master,
this is different.
A spiritual master is lucid.
So he is not losing
his conscious.
But he can or she can
connect directly in the place
of information-- this library--
and then bring back everything
that is needed right now, here.
And this is what Falco
did with us to bring back
many of these new information--
I mean, of this knowledge.
Another element that is not
less important than the others
is the research.
So the research is what
driven all of us, all of us
that we love to be considered
as spiritual researcher.
So people that are dedicating
their life to this goal,
to the goal of the
spiritualization of the matter.
So we never stop the research.
We never stop to find new
things and new meanings,
because it's the same
concept of the mystery.
So even what now we cannot
understand or we can just
translate with a human logic.
So through the knowledge,
through the research,
we will understand.
We will give
another meaning that
probably will open other
meanings, but it's unlimited.
It's not stopped by dogmas
or things like that.
We are not living
the same reality.
No, there is at least one
reality for each of us.
The same event could be for
me-- fantastic, amazing.
For another person--
could be a tragedy.
How come?
We are talking about
the same thing.
How come there is
so much difference?
Because the perception
of that event--
and the perception
is a mix of element
that is involving emotion,
feelings, experience,
what I did before, what
I supposed to do after.
So it give me a perception
of their reality.
So, yes, we might imagine
that there is a common field.
In this field, it's called time.
But at the same
moment, this field
is containing everything
that is possible.
That means I'm going
to perceive this.
Everything is possible
in a different way.
That's the reason why we
cannot talk about one reality,
but multiple reality.
I cannot talk about me and my
sensation in my life and then
compare it with others,
because they are going to be,
in any case, different.
So for the simply fact that
I'm using different senses.
Now, which give me more
power in what I'm living?
What give me more power in
what I'm living in this moment?
What held me to guide
my life to the goal
that I want to achieve?
Well, this is the knowledge.
And the knowledge is affecting
directly my way of thinking.
My way of thinking is
directly affecting what?
My perception.
My way to perceive the reality.
Because I'm starting to
live not one reality,
but multiple reality, as I'm
not living it only one time,
but I'm living in multiple time.
The capacity to start
to sense, to feel, also
to think about all of this--
it makes my reality stronger.
It makes my power of
creation here stronger.
And that's the reason
why we want to know more.
Because knowing more
give us the possibility
to do more, to be more
effective in what we are
living in every single moment.
Now, could be
interesting to know
if there is a final goal
also in every existence.
Yes, there is a final goal
in every single incarnation.
Time and the event of
the structure of time
are moving us in the direction
of what we call the mission.
And this is very important
to define mission
from what many people--
they might think about destiny.
Yes, people-- they say, OK,
I have a destiny in life.
I just have to wait.
And then things just going to
happen and things like that.
Well, I'm not saying that
for everyone it's like this.
But this could be a tendency
of what we can imagine is life.
Now, we talk about mission.
What is the mission?
The mission is
exactly the program
that we have to achieve
during a lifetime.
We can call it
our karma program.
So karma in Sanskrit
means action.
So what I did in the
past will bring me here
to do something that is
the result of what I did.
Well, we already decided
past is non-existent, OK?
So it's all at the same moment.
But it means that in these
moments or in this territory,
I have something unique.
I have something that I am
the only one that I can do.
It's called a mission.
If you want, is a mix of element
that is about what I learned
and what I have to learn
in this life, what I did,
and what I have to
realize here now.
So for all of us, in their
existence, in their life,
there is a mission,
something that we have
to do right now in this life.
And who's to say
that the mission--
it's never about you, me,
as an individual, as ego,
but as like
collective, as others,
as for a bigger aim that is not
just my-- what I want to do,
but what I have to do for--
achieve that
particular condition.
It is going to
involve other people.
Because evolution is bringing
more and more element together.
So I'm not here to serve myself.
I'm here to serve
something bigger.
And the mission
is many times also
very close to what
we call happiness.
What makes us-- me happy?
Don't ask me, what is happiness?
OK?
Because everyone has a
different interpretation of what
is happiness.
Happy is what make me happy.
It may be doing the things
that I like so much.
Founding your mission
in every life--
it's a very important element
or one of the most important.
But even more important
is to realize the mission
to make it happen to fulfill
what I have to do in this life.
The time structure
and all the events
that I confound in the time
are supporting these element,
because they are support
by the complexities.
So by the fact that
everything is going
in the direction of evolution.
So I can decide in every
life how much resistance I
want to put to realize
my mission or not.
To me, guides my events
into these different times
in the direction of the
accomplishment of the mission
or not.
Everything is working together.
[MUSIC PLAYING]